simulate content-origin-request (#3047)
mdn/yari: deployer/aws-lambda/README.md

and if the deployment package is different from what is already in AWS,
it will upload and publish a new version.

## Debugging the `content-origin-request` handler

You can simulate what Lambda@Edge does, but on your laptop.
To start it, run:

```sh
cd aws-lambda
cd content-origin-request
yarn install
yarn serve
```

> This will start a server at <http://localhost:7000>. It's meant to work as similar
> as it can to code when run within Lambda@Edge. To test it, try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start a server at <http://localhost:7000>. It's meant to work much
the same as when our Lambda@Edge function is run within AWS. To test it, try:
```

```sh
curl -I http://localhost:7000/EN-us/docs/Foo/
```

It doesn't actually look things up on disk like CloudFront + Lambda@Edge can do.
But it's a great tool for end-to-end testing our redirect rules.

### An important caveat about `@yari-internals`

The `yarn serve` server will automatically restart itself if a change is
made to the `index.js` or the `server.js` code.

> But, if you make an edit to any of the `/libs/**/index.js` files, they're
> called `@yari-internal/...` from within the code and the only way to get them
> to become the latest version is to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, if you make an edit to any of the `/libs/**/index.js` files (they're called
`@yari-internal/...` from within the code), then the only way to get them
to become the latest version is to run:
```
